on the football field of the dream i Ourinho
of 200 young athletes was placed in
game the goalkeeper of são paulo team
I was there looking for new talents
for the São Paulo team the team is
paulo has the custom of making sieves
out of town and this time wells were
included in the calendar's being the
First time we are very happy.
by structure
We are happy with the partnership, right?
It's working to take advantage of this.
selective and take the boys there to
able to meet those in training as well.
stay a little with us there is the
The first time sa paulo comes
carry out a sieve in wells
and technical quality of players
surprised the goalkeeper of the club that already
hopes to get some young athletes to
meet the ct de cotia in são paulo
It was already in the morning today.
We selected some boys and
now in the afternoon I also pick up
this evaluation is very useful
here in wells of caldas the technician of the
Eastern also relies on talent
his young athletes in the morning got
deny some boys who presents
some news
now if you want to say that means
also that the medium will be a
professional on the front but it is a
character that everyone is looking for is
trying to give this opportunity to him
through our school, he highlights the
importance of conducting tests such as
and that other well - trained athletes
have already been successful in large
Sao Paulo
Football is like this, you have to run behind it.
that seize the moments opportunities
Thank God today, but we can
Japan with six boys is is closed in
teams in the Ana and São Paulo
but independent of the test result
the young athletes tells that the dream
remains a single hope of
one day come to play playing in a team
great from São Paulo São Paulo
and there they total force in this space I
I really like to play football
I want to be a soccer player .
If you could pass the test, will you?
be very cool